You're about to meet the Williams family from Britain.
Their circumstances allow them to generously give of their time and resources
by serving where the need is greater.
But was it easy? No.
But their desire to serve Jehovah helped them overcome their fears.
The things that I'm scared about are also the things that I'm excited about.
I think it's fear of the unknown.
It's leaving one life behind
and you're going into this totally brand new life.
It's going to be mixed emotions leaving the house
because I know there's so much ahead of me
that it's going to be wonderful.
We focus on the future and the things ahead.
My name is Mark Williams. I'm a father and a husband.
The circuit overseer came to the congregation
and he showed the video good news to every nation tribe and Tongue.
As a family man, when I saw that, when Alison saw that,
we thought, well, maybe that's something that we could do.
So we were just kind of nudging each other and thinking,
well, look at that. That's fantastic.
My name is Alison Williams and I live in Buckingham.
We wanted to take our children into an environment
where they could blossom and thrive spiritually.
So they're all kind of contributed to us thinking,
well, why don't we take a trip?
Why don't we go and visit Ecuador at least to see?
We went from month to visit Ecuador while the land was one of the best months we had.
We did get many of our questions answered.
I'd never put a lot of thought into where I could go and serve in another country,
because I was probably holding on to my life here,
life in the congregation, life in our little home
and the business as well.
Well, we eventually did come to the point
where we made the decision that we would go.
In eight weeks' time, we are leaving England to go to Ecuador to serve where they need us greater.
We're also proud of each other.
I'm so proud of the children in March,
because they've got rid of so many things that have been close to their hearts
and yet they've had such a great spirit about it
that it's made me feel really proud of them.
We're going to serve in a city in Ecuador called Quenca, which is in the Andes.
So it's cooler, which is easier for us Brits.
It's a combination of trying to bring together two needs,
the needs that's in the field.
Also, we have needs as a family to make sure that
particularly our children feel comfortable.
The meetings have been wonderful because the brothers have given us such a warm welcome.
They just have showered us with love
and they've been so patient even though we don't know the language.
One brother said, you'll speak a bit like Tarzan and Jane,
and that's exactly how I feel.
The other day I was involved in some street work,
left an invitation with an old man, shook my hand,
sport lots of Spanish that I didn't understand.
But when I left him and walked down the road,
I looked back and there he is, he's got the invitation open, he's reading it.
I think they're just happy to hear his try.
Wherever you are in a cafe or a restaurant or the taxi or a bus,
everybody is ready to hear about Jehovah.
I really enjoy being with the Lopez family.
I've worked with Angela in the Ministry a few times.
Actually, we didn't know each other,
but in a matter of about five minutes,
the ice was broken,
and it's like we've known each other for years.
It's wonderful to have this worldwide family,
knowing wherever you go, you'll have friends,
and it's been really special to have Paola waiting for me on the other side.
And that can encourage us to do the same,
because really it's not impossible,
but an entire family moving to another continent
is something really encouraging.
I really enjoy playing football and basketball,
because I've been able to make new friends
and get to know the brothers and sisters better.
I see how happy Alison is,
and how content she is,
and I look at the children,
the association they've got,
how they're included in so many different activities in it.
As a father, when I see my children,
and as a husband, when I see my wife so happy,
that makes me happy, so yeah, it's all been worth it.
I just want to say thank you to Mum and Dad for taking us here,
because we're already loving it,
we've got new friends,
we feel part of a new family,
and just to be able to experience a ministry
and service Jehovah in a totally different land.
So it's not about the things that we've left behind,
it's the fact that we're doing this together as a family,
and that's what's really important.
What a beautiful family.
Would your circumstances allow you to serve
where the need is greater?
If so, you will benefit
from a very practical advice found
in the August 2011
Our Kingdom Ministry article and title.
Can you step over into Macedonia?